A case in this video we're going to be creating screenings table screenings table has a them which is
all prime Mikie which is altering fermenting and then it is the first table we're creating that has
foreign keys.
So the film ID which is an event and the room ID which is in and of by foreign keys and then the final
column is start time which is the starting time of the film and the data type is a date time so each
screening has a certain date and a certain time so we can use the date time data type.
So you can see in the bottom picture that the screenings table has a one to many relationship with the
films table so film can have many screenings but a screening can only show one film.
And theres also a one to many relationship with the rooms table.
So a room can show you many screenings but the screening is obviously only being shown in one room.
So we have a film ID which is a foreign key to the ID field in the films table and we have a room ID
which is a foreign key to the ID field in the rooms table.
So now that I put in my escrow work bench and create the screenings table
each type creates table screenings need to open a pair of brackets finished with a semi-colon and then
within the brackets all columns like usual.
So the first one again is an ID which is an index its primary key and it also increments and finish
out with a comma and then the next column is off film ID which is an index and its not no constraint.
So this needs to be two words.
And then the next column is all remedy.
So this is also an end and it has no constraint.
And then the final column is all start time.
So this is a date time data type and this is also not no constraint.
We need a column comma there because we are going to now add all two foreign keys.
So if you remember two out of four and key on the next line we need to tie foreign key open a pair of
brackets in the pair of brackets.
Enter all column.
So the first foreign key is the film ID and then we want to type references.
So this is the table that we were referencing with the foreign key.
So we were referencing the films table.
And then we need to open a pair of brackets again.
I don't need to type the column in the films table that we were referencing which is the ID field.
So thats all first for OK.
And now we need to get the foreign key for our room ID so to do that again we type for N.K. open a pair
of brackets type my day type references again.
And now were referencing the rooms table and were also referencing the ID field within the Bream's table.
OK so that said for those screening table.
So let's run this escrow statement.
And again we can type show two tables run a query and you can see we now have our fourth table was screenings
table.
And again let's describe this table.
So lets type describe screenings
and run and we can see we have our ID column or film Id ruin my day and I start talking columns we have
the data types they all have to have an entry so none of them can have no values and then we have our
So we have our primary key which all right we feel it and then we have our two foreign keys which is
a film Id call them a room Id call them and basically in my school all this you know in the Keys column
is stands for multiple is not the most clear meaning but basically it means this film ID in this room
Id of foreign keys to columns in different tables.
OK so that's it for the screenings table.
So let's move on to the next video.